Due to distributed project development in multiple sites, the most appropriate coordinating structure is the Product Structure. The rationality of using the Product Structure is that each component can be developed at a single site, but the development of different components can be distributed among different sites. This model is beneficial when a project composes of isolated parts that can be developed alone. Utilizing this model in a project yields independent operating environments for each site involved. Independent operating environment allows different sites to use procedures and technologies that they are familiar with. This allows each site to work effectively in their own component.  When working in this specific type of project, family is the best class of SDE to be used. Because the project team composes of a small group of programmers and managers, around 10 individuals, the family class of SDE proves to be the most beneficial. A distinguished characteristic of the family model is that of enforced coordination and structure. These characteristics will guide the team in the development process. During the project development, there will be various problems that needs to be considered. One will be testing and changing the component manager. As each component is made in a specific site, testing components together will be a potential challenge. In addition, another problem that may occur is the aspect of one feature, many components. As a result of each component evolving independently, it becomes hard to align features across them until integration time. For geographically separated teamwork to be effective, team members need to work together. They need time to build trusts, have face to face communication, agree among goals, and have a solid means of communication. To ensure success in this type of project development, an expert need to be brought in for each component when testing multiple components together. This way components can be effectively tested when integrated multiple parts of the project. In addition to succeed, a great team needs to get their work done. Effective planning and being self-managing going a long way in a team working on a project. Focusing on managerial strategy, team building process, and effective process execution smoothes the path in a successful project. 
