Due in order to distributed project development in multiple sites, the the majority of appropriate coordinating structure is to be the Product Structure. The rationality of using the Product Structure is to be that each component have the ability to be developed at a single site, on the form hand the development of different components have the ability to be distributed among different sites. This model is to be beneficial on the occasion of a project composes of isolated parts that have the ability to be developed alone. Utilizing this model in a project yields independent operating environments for the purpose of each site involved. Independent operating environment allows different sites in order to use to their advantage procedures along with technologies that they are to be familiar with. This allows each site in order to work effectively in their own component.  When working in this specific type of project, family is to be the best class of SDE in order to be used. Because the project team composes of a small group of programmers along with managers, around 10 individuals, the family class of SDE proves in order to be the the majority of beneficial. A distinguished characteristic of the family model is to be that of enforced coordination along with structure. These characteristics will guide the team in the development process. During the project development, there will be various problems that needs in order to be considered. One will be testing along with changing the component manager. As each component is to be made in a specific site, testing components together will be a potential challenge. In addition, another problem that may occur is to be the aspect of one feature, many components. As a result of each component evolving independently, it becomes hard in order to align features across them until such time just as integration time. For geographically separated teamwork in order to be effective, team members need in order to work together. They need time in order to build trusts, have face in order to face communication, agree among goals, along with have a solid means of communication. To ensure success in this type of project development, an expert need in order to be brought in for the purpose of each component on the occasion of testing multiple components together. This way components have the ability to be effectively tested on the occasion of integrated multiple parts of the project. In addition in order to succeed, a great team needs in order to get their work done. Effective planning along with being self-managing going a long way in a team working on a project. Focusing on managerial strategy, team building process, along with effective process execution smoothes the path in a successful project. 